New pages: HTMLxElement.cite (#36990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmodelement/cite/index.md

---
title: "HTMLModElement: cite property"
short-title: cite
slug: Web/API/HTMLModElement/cite
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLModElement.cite
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`cite`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLModElement")}} interface indicates the URL of the resource explaining the modification. It reflects the {{HTMLElement("del")}} element and {{HTMLElement("ins")}} elements' [`cite`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ins#cite) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`cite`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLModElement")}} interface indicates the URL of the resource explaining the modification. It reflects the `cite` attribute of the  {{HTMLElement("del")}} element and {{HTMLElement("ins")}} elements.
```

Just slightly clearer sentence structure, and IMO better not to link to just one of them.

## Value

> A string; a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing a URL.
```
